CODE CHALLENGES


Q1. (Create a program that fulfills the following specification.)
Foodtruck.csv

You will implement linear regression to predict the profits for a food chain company.

Case: Suppose you are the CEO of a restaurant franchise and are considering different cities for opening a new outlet. 
The chain already has food-trucks in various cities and you have data for profits  and populations from the cities. 
You would like to use this data to help you select which city to expand to next. 

Foodtruck.csv contains the dataset for our linear regression problem. 
The first column is the population of a city and the second column is the profit of a food truck in that city. 
A negative value for profit indicates a loss.


Perform Simple Linear regression to predict the profit based on the population observed and visualize the result. Based on the above trained results, what will be your estimated profit, if you set up your outlet in Jaipur? (Current population in Jaipur is 3.073 million)

 

Q2. (Create a program that fulfills the following specification.)

Import Bahubali2vsDangal.csv file.

It contains Data of Day wise collections of the movies Bahubali 2 and Dangal (in crores) for the first 9 days.

Now, you have to write a python code to predict which movie would collect more on the 10th day.

 

Q3. (Create a program that fulfills the following specification.)
iq_size.csv

Are a person's brain size and body size (Height and weight) predictive of his or her intelligence?

Import the iq_size.csv file

It Contains the details of 38 students, where

Column 1: The intelligence (PIQ) of students

Column 2:  The brain size (MRI) of students (given as count/10,000).

Column 3: The height (Height) of students (inches)

Column 4: The weight (Weight) of student (pounds)

    What is the IQ of an individual with a given brain size of 90, height of 70 inches, and weight 150 pounds ? 
    Build an optimal model and conclude which is more useful in predicting intelligence Height, Weight or brain size.

Q4. (Create a program that fulfills the following specification.)
bluegills.csv

How is the length of a bluegill fish related to its age?

In 1981, n = 78 bluegills were randomly sampled from Lake Mary in Minnesota. The researchers (Cook and Weisberg, 1999) measured and recorded the following data (Import bluegills.csv File)

Response variable(Dependent): length (in mm) of the fish

Potential Predictor (Independent Variable): age (in years) of the fish

    How is the length of a bluegill fish best related to its age? (Linear/Quadratic nature?)
    What is the length of a randomly selected five-year-old bluegill fish? Perform polynomial regression on the dataset.

NOTE: Observe that 80.1% of the variation in the length of bluegill fish is reduced by taking into account a quadratic function of the age of the fish.

